# Welcome
This repository contains my personal portfolio projects to show off skills, who I am and What I am interested in.

# List of Projects
1. [Fraud Detection](https://github.com/linhdan2109/Portfolio_Projects/tree/main/Fraud%20Detection): The objective of this project is to develop a fraud detection model using machine learning techniques. I will employ a variety of machine learning algorithms, including logistic regression, random forests, and k nearest neighbor. Through model training and evaluation, I will assess the performance of each algorithm in terms of accuracy, precision, recall, F1 score and AUPRC. This evaluation will enable us to identify the most effective model for fraud detection. Additionally, I will address the challenge of imbalanced datasets, where fraudulent transactions are typically a minority class.
2. [A GARCH volatility analysis](https://github.com/linhdan2109/Portfolio_Projects/tree/main/A%20GARCH%20volatility%20analysis): This research investigates the hedging and diversification abilities of Bitcoin against the S&P500 and examines the leverage effect of Bitcoin return. This project uses symmetric GARCH model and asymmetric GARCH model like EGARCH and TGARCH (GJR) model. The results show that Bitcoin acts as a diversifier for investors in US market. In addition, the EGARCH and TGARCH models implied that there is leverage effect in Bitcoin return. Let's start our analysis.
3. [Linear regression model](https://github.com/linhdan2109/Portfolio_Projects/tree/main/Factors%20Influencing%20Infant%20health%20(Linear%20regression%20model)): Use R to build a Multiple Linear Regression Model and conduct lots of hypothesis testing: Residual Normality Test, Heteroskedasticity Test, T-test, F-test to remove insignificant variables and unnecessary variables.
4. [SQL Challenge](https://github.com/linhdan2109/Portfolio_Projects/tree/main/8-Week-SQL-Challenge): This project contains my solutions for the  [8WeekSQLChallenge](https://8weeksqlchallenge.com/) case studies. In this project, I used SQL to efficiently extract the data needed to answer specific questions from the database.
5. [Google Data Analytics Professional Certificate Capstone Project](https://github.com/linhdan2109/Portfolio_Projects/tree/main/Google%20Data%20Analytics%20Professional%20Certificate%20Capstone%20Project): This is the project I have done at the end of the Google Data Analytics Professional Course. Following the data analysis process taught in the course, I effectively addressed key business questions. This process involved six essential steps: Ask, Prepare, Process, Analyze, Share, and Act. By applying these steps, I was able to gain valuable insights and provide actionable recommendations to support Bellabeat's marketing strategies and decision-making processes.

